lib: nrf_modem: removal of deprecated functions (#10497)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Modem libraries
---------------

* :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme` library:

  * Added:

    * The function :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_fault_strerror` to retrieve a statically allocated textual description of a given modem fault.
      The function can be enabled by selecting the new Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_FAULT_STRERROR`.

  * Removed:

    * The function :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_get_init_ret` was deprecated and has been removed.
    * The function :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_shutdown_wait` was deprecated and has been removed.

> 

Reviewer: The deprecated Kconfig option `NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED` is also removed.

Modem libraries
---------------

* :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme` library:

  * Added:

    * The function :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_fault_strerror` to retrieve a statically allocated textual description of a given modem fault.
      The function can be enabled by selecting the new Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_FAULT_STRERROR`.

  * Updated:

    * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_IPC_PRIO_OVERRIDE` is now deprecated.

  * Removed:

>     * The function :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_get_init_ret` was deprecated and has been removed.
>     * The function :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_shutdown_wait` was deprecated and has been removed.
>     * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED` was deprecated and has been removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * The deprecated ``nrf_modem_lib_get_init_ret`` function.
    * The deprecated ``nrf_modem_lib_shutdown_wait`` function.
    * The deprecated ``CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED`` Kconfig option.
```

Author: Thanks, updated

Modem libraries
---------------

* :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme` library:

  * Added:

    * The function :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_fault_strerror` to retrieve a statically allocated textual description of a given modem fault.

>       The function can be enabled by selecting the new Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_FAULT_STRERROR`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The function can be enabled using the new Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_FAULT_STRERROR`.
```

Author: Updated

  * Updated:

    * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_IPC_PRIO_OVERRIDE` is now deprecated.

  * Removed:

    * The deprecated function :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_get_init_ret`.
    * The deprecated function :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_shutdown_wait`.

>     * The deprecated Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED`.

Author: Thanks, updated.
